Update Protocol.PortSettings.SSH.Identity.md (#4814)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: develop/schemadoc/Protocol/Protocol.PortSettings.SSH.Identity.md

It should be formatted like this: `key=C:\Users\User\.ssh\my_key_rsa`

> [!NOTE]
>
> - If the private key is protected by a passphrase, it must be appended to the file path, separated by a semicolon. It should be formatted like this: `key=C:\Users\User\.ssh\my_key_rsa;pass=passphrase`

> > - DataMiner cannot derive the SSH username from your public/private key pair. If you authenticate with a key through a private/public key pair, you must still specify the SSH Username parameter explicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - When you authenticate with a key through a private/public key pair, you must still specify the user.
> - See also [Defining an SSH connection in a protocol](xref:ConnectionsSerialSecureShell#defining-an-ssh-connection-in-a-protocol).
```
